| Key           | Value                                    |
|---------------|------------------------------------------|
| Date:         | 02/04/2024                               |
| Time:         | 13:45                                    |
| Location:     | Flux Hall B                              |
| Chair:        | Bogdan Duminica                          |
| Minute Taker: | Adam Sztano                              |
| Attendees:    | Adam, Bogdan, G端ney, Kajus, Liam, Thomas |
### Agenda Items:
- #### Introduction (3 min)
    - Opening by chair (1 min)
    - Check in: how is everyone doing? (1 min)
    - Any changes that should be made to the agenda? (1 min)
---------------------------------------------------------------
- ##### Main Matter (35 min)
    - **Progress for last week** (16 min)
        - Everyone presents their progress (7 min)
        - Make sure that the issues on Gitlab are closed and well-organised (3 min)
        - Discuss the feedback for the HCI assignment(3 min) (please take a look at it before the meeting)
        - Did we succeed in adding more testing as we established? (3 min)
    - **How to proceed from here?** (19 min)
        - Brainstorm and decide what we should focus on this week. (10 min)
            - Did we cover all the basic requirements? Which ones are remaining? (5 min)
            - Decide on which extra features we want to implement (5 min)
        - Create issues for the features (6 min)
        - Assign the issues to people (3 min) 
---------------------------------------------------------------
- ##### Concluding the meeting (7 min)
    - Announcements made by the TA (2 min)
    - Making sure each one of us has something to work on (2 min)
    - Decide who will be the chair and the minute taker for our last meeting (1 min)
    - Any additions? (1 min)
    - Closure (1 min)

Total time: 45 min + 5 min elbow room


### Notes
##### Progress update since last week
- Expenses: deletion + statistics (still with some persistance problems)
- Added the ability to delete participants + logic for handling the related expenses
- Event activity tracker for the admin overview
- Mock serverutils class for testing
- No participants with the same name can be created + show UI error
- Keyboard shortcuts for navigating the app
- Added the ability to edit the event title
- The event code and event title are shown in the start screen
- Tested the add expense class
- Tested the eventpage class
- Tested the currency converted (still not completely done)
##### Actions taken during the meeting
- Made sure gitlab issues are up to date
- Discussed testing progress
- Reviewed and discussed HCI feedback
- Reviewed and discussed product pitch feedback
- Discussed the possibility of meeting up before the presentation and practicing the product pitch
##### Next steps (and their respective assignees)
- Main concern is to finish all the basic requirements
  - See the invite code on the event page (Kajus)
  - Debts
    - Open debts button (Liam)
    - See the total sum of all expenses (Liam)
    - Settle debts (G端ney)
- HCI
  - Keyboard navigation (G端ney)
  - UI design (Adam)
- Language switcher should be visible in the event overview as well (Thomas)
- Create tags for expenses (Bogdan)
- Settings page (G端ney or Adam)
  - preferred currency
  - download language template
- More testing
  - Try testing as many pages as we can (everyone)
- Moved some unfinished issues from last week to this week

#### Next chair and minute taker:
- Chair: Kajus
- Minute taker: Liam



